CCO-21: followup - adding links to STS content in a few key places (#34224)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/alternatives-to-storing-admin-secrets-in-kube-system.adoc

ifdef::aws,google-cloud-platform[]
If you prefer not to store an administrator-level credential secret in the cluster `kube-system` project, you can choose one of the following options when installing {product-title}:

endif::aws,google-cloud-platform[]

ifdef::aws[]
* *Manage cloud credentials manually*:
+

> You can use the CCO utility (`ccoctl`) to configure the CCO to use the Amazon Web Services Security Token Service (AWS STS). When the CCO is configured to use STS, it assigns IAM roles that provide short-term, limited-privilege security credentials to components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the CCO utility (`ccoctl`) to configure the clustter to use the Amazon Web Services Security Token Service (AWS STS). When the CCU utility is used to configure the cluster for STS, it assigns IAM roles that provide short-term, limited-privilege security credentials to components.
```
